I was told a million times Of all the troubles in my way Mind you grow a little wiser Little better every day But if I crossed a million rivers And I rode a million miles Then I'd still be where I started Bread and butter for a smile Well I sold a million mirrors In a shop in Alley Way But I never saw my face In any window any day Now they say your folks are telling you Be a super star But I tell you just be satisfied Stay right where you are Keep yourself alive Keep yourself alive It'll take you all your time and a money Honey you'll survive Well I've loved a million women In a belladonnic haze And I ate a million dinners Brought to me on silver trays Give me everything I need To feed my body and my soul Well I'll grow a little bigger Maybe that can be my goal I was told a million times Of all the people in my way How I had to keep on trying And get better every day But if I crossed a million rivers And I rode a million miles Then I'd still be where I started Same as when I started Keep yourself alive Come on Keep yourself alive It'll take you all your time and a money Honey you'll survive Shake Keep yourself alive Keep yourself alive It'll take you all your time and a money To keep me satisfied Do you think you're better every day No, I just think I'm two steps nearer to my grave Keep yourself alive Come on Keep yourself alive You take your time and take more money Keep yourself alive Keep yourself alive Come on Keep yourself alive All you people keep yourself alive Keep yourself alive Come on Come on Keep yourself alive It'll take you all your time and a money To keep me satisfied Keep yourself alive Keep yourself alive All you people keep yourself alive Take you all your time and money Honey you will survive Keep you satisfied Keep you satisfied
Yesterday my life was in ruin Now today I know what I'm doing Got a feeling I should be doing all right Doing all right Where will I be this time tomorrow? Jumped in joy or sinking in sorrow Anyway I should be doing all right Doing all right Should be waiting for the sun Looking 'round to find the words to say Should be waiting for the skies to clear There ain't time in all the world Should be waiting for the sun And anyway, I got to hide away Yesterday my life was in ruin Now today God knows what I'm doing Anyway I should be doing all right Doing all right Doing all right
Great King Rat died today Born on the twenty first of May Died syphillis forty four on his birthday Every second word he swore Yes he was the son of a whore Always wanted by the law Wouldn't you like to know? Wouldn't you like to know people? Great King Rat was a dirty old man And a dirty old man was he Now what did I tell you Would you like to see? Where will I be tomorrow? Will I beg or will I borrow? I don't care I don't care anyway Come on come on the time is right The man is evil and that is right I told you ah yes I told you And that's no lie oh no no no Wouldn't you like to know? Wouldn't you like to know? Wouldn't you like to know? Great King Rat was a dirty old man And a dirty old man was he Now what did I tell you? Would you like to see? Show me Wouldn't you like to know? Wouldn't you like to know people? Great King Rat was a dirty old man And a dirty old man was he Now what did I tell you? Would you like to see? Now listen all you people Put out the good and keep the bad Don't believe all you read in the Bible You sinners get in line Saints you leave far behind Very soon you're gonna be his disciple Don't listen to what mama says Not a word not a word mama says Or else you'll find yourself being the rival The great Lord before He died Knelt sinners by his side And said you're gonna realize tomorrow No I'm not gonna tell you What you already know 'Cause time and time again The old man said it all a long time ago Come come on the time is right This evil man will fight I told you once before Wouldn't you like to know? Wouldn't you like to know? Just like I said before Great King Rat was a dirty old man And a dirty old man was he The last time I tell you? Would you like to see?
In the land where horses born with eagle wings And honey bees have lost their stings There's singing forever Lion's den with fallow deer And rivers made from wine so clear Flow on and on forever Dragons fly like sparrows thru' the air And baby lambs where Samson dares To go on on on on on on My fairy king can see things   He rules the air and turns the tides That are not there for you and me   Ohh yeah he guides the winds My fairy king can do right and nothing wrong Then came man to savage in the night To run like thieves and to kill like knives To take away the power from the magic hand To bring about the ruin to the promised land They turn the milk into sour Like the blue in the blood of my veins Why can't you see it Fire burnin' in hell with the cry of screaming pain Son of heaven set me free and let me go Sea turn dry no salt from sand Seasons fly no helping hand Teeth don't shine like pearls for the poor man's eyes Someone someone has drained the colour from my wings Broken my fairy circle ring And shamed the king in all his pride Changed the winds and wronged the tides Mother mercury mercury Look what they've done to me I cannot run I cannot hide
I have sinned dear Father Father I have sinned Try and help me Father Won't you let me in? Liar Nobody believes me Liar Why don't they leave me alone? Sire I have stolen stolen many times Raised my voice in anger When I know I never should Liar oh ev'rybody deceives me Liar why don't you leave me alone? Liar I have sailed the seas Liar from Mars to Mercury Liar I have drunk the wine Liar time after time Liar you're lying to me Liar you're lying to me Father please forgive me You know you'll never leave me Please will you direct me in the right way Liar liar liar liar Liar that's what they keep calling me Liar liar liar Listen are you gonna listen? Mama I'm gonna be your slave All day long Mama I'm gonna try behave All day long Mama gonna be your slave All day long I'm gonna serve you till your dying day All day long I'm gonna keep you till you dying day All day long I'm gonna kneel down by your side and pray All day long and pray All day long and pray All day long all day long all day long All day long all day long all day long All day long all day long all day long Liar liar they never let you win Liar liar everything you do is sin Liar nobody believes you Liar they bring you down before you begin Now let me tell you this Now you know you could be dead before they let you...
When I was young it came to me And I could see the sun break in Lucy was high and so was I Dazzling, holding the world inside Once I believed in everyone Everyone and anyone can see Oh, oh, the night comes down And I get afraid of losing my way Oh, oh, the night comes down Ooh, and it's dark again Once I could laugh with everyone Once I could see the good in me The black and the white distinctively Colouring, holding the world inside Now all the world is grey to me Nobody can see you gotta believe it Oh, oh, the night comes down And I get afraid of losing my way Oh, oh, the night comes down Ooh, and it's dark again And it's dark again And it's dark again
Had to make do with a worn out rock and roll scene The old bop is gettin' tired need a rest Well you know what I mean Fifty eight that was great But it's over now and That's all Somethin' harder's coming up Gonna really knock a hole in the wall Gonna hit ya grab you hard Make you feel ten feet tall Well I hope this baby's gonna come along soon You don't know it could happen any ol' rainy afternoon With the temperature down And the juke box blowin' no fuse And my musical life's feelin Like a long Sunday School cruise And you know there's one thing Every single body could use Yeah listen to me baby Let me tell you what it's all about Modern times rock and roll Modern times rock and roll Get you high heeled guitar boots and some groovy clothes Get a hair piece on your chest And a ring through your nose Find a nice little man who says He's gonna make you a real big star Stars in your eyes and ants in your pants Think you should go far Everybody in this bum sucking world Gonna know just who you are Look out Modern times rock and roll
Tried to be your son and daughter rolled into one You said you'd equal any man for having your fun Now didn't you feel surprise to find The cap just didn't fit? The world expects a man To buckle down and to shovel shit What'll you do for loving When its only just begun? I want you to be a woman Tried to be a teacher and a fisher of men An equal Will you lead us all the same? Well I travelled around the world To find a brand new word for day Watching the time mustn't linger behind Pardon me I have to get away What'll you think of heaven If it's back from where you came? I want you to be a woman
And then I saw Him in the crowd A lot of people had gathered round Him The beggers shouted and the lepers called Him The old man said nothing He just stared about Him All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down Then came a man before His feet he fell Unclean said the leper and rang his bell Felt the palm of a hand touch his head Go now go now you're a new man instead All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down It all began with the three wise men Followed a star took them to Bethelehem And made it heard throughout the land Born was the leader of man All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down It all began with the three wise men Followed a star took them to Bethelehem And made it heard throughout the land Born was the leader of man All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down to see the Lord Jesus All going down
I've been there before A long time ago But this time I wear no sandals Ages past I gave all you people Food and water Three feet tall, so very small I'm no trouble I bring thunder and lightning Sun and the rain For all the people in the land A message of love I bring you from up above All you children gather around Come join your hands and sing along They call me mad the swine I guess I'm mad the swine I've come to save you Save you Mad the swine Mad the swine So all you people gather around Hold out your hands and praise the lord I walk upon the water Just as before I help the meek and the mild The believers and the blind And all the creatures great and small Let me take you to the river Without a fall Then one day you'll realize You're all the same within his eyes That's all I've got to say Just like before They call me mad the swine Mad the swine Come to save you Save you Mad the swine Mad the swine So all you people gather around Hold out your hands and praise the lord So all you people gather around Hold out your hands and praise the lord Don't ever fail me Mad the swine Mad the swine Come to save you Save you Mad the swine Mad the swine So all you people gather around Hold out your hands and praise the lord Hands and praise the lord
A word in your ear, from father to son hear the words that I say I fought with you, fought on your side Long before you were born Joyful the sound, the word goes around From father to son, to son And the voice is so clear, time after time it leeps Calling you, calling you on Don't destroy what you see, your country to be Just keep on building on the ground that's been won Kings will be crowned, the word goes around From father to son, to son Take this letter that I give you, Take it sonny, hold it high You won't understand a word that's in it But you'll write it all again before you die A word in your ear from father to son Funny you don't hear a single word I say But my letter to you, will stay by your side Through the years till the loneliness is gone Sing if you will - But the air you breathe I live to give you Father to son Father to, father to, father to son Joyful the sound, the word goes around From father to son, to son... Kings will be crowned, the word goes around From father to son, to son...
So sad her eyes Smiling dark eyes So sad her eyes As it began On such a breathless night as this Upon my brow the lightest kiss I walked alone And all around the air did say My lady soon will stir this way In sorrow known The white queen walks and The night grows pale Stars of lovingmess in her hair Needing - unheard Pleading - one word So sad my eyes She cannot see How did thee fare, what have thee seen The mother of the willow green I call her name And 'neath her window have i stayed I loved the footsteps that she made And when she came White queen how my heart did ache And dry my lips no word would make So still i wait My goddess hear my darkest fear I speak too late It's for evermore that i wait Dear friend goodbye No tear in my eyes So sad it ends As it began
You never heard my song before the music was too loud But now i think you hear me well for now we both know how No star can light our way in this cloud of dark and fear But some day, one day... Funny how the pages turn and hold us in between A misty castle waits for you and you shall be a queen Today the cloud it hangs over us and all is grey But some day, one day... When i was you and you were me and we were very young Together took us nearly there the rest may not be sung So still the cloud it hangs over us and we're alone But some day, one day... We'll come home
Mama's gotta problem She don't know what to say Her little baby boy just left home today She's got to be the loser in the end She's got to be the loser in the end Misuse her and you'll lose her as a friend She's ma on whom you can always depend She washed and fed, and clothed and cared For nearly twenty years And all she gets is "goodbye ma" And the nightimes for her tears She's got to be the loser in the end She's got to be the loser in the end Misuse her and you'll lose her as a friend She's ma on whom you can always depend So listen mothers everywhere To just one mother's son You'll get forgotten on the way If you don't let them have their fun Forget regrets, and just remember It's so long since you were young You're bound to be the loser in the end You're bound to be the loser in the end They'll choose their new shoes that's not far to bend You're ma on whom they can always depend
Now once upon a time - an old man told me a fable When the piper is gone - and the soup is cold on your table And if the black crow flies to find a new destination - that is the sign Come tonight Come to the ogre sight Come to the ogre-battle-fight He gives a great big cry and he can swallow up the ocean With a mighty tongue he catches flies - the palm of his hand is incredible One great big eye - has a focus in your direction Now the battle is on Yeah yeah yeah Come tonight Come to the ogre sight Come to the ogre-battle-fight The ogre men are still inside The two-way mirror mountain Gotta keep down right out of sight You can't see in but they can see out "Keep a look out" The ogre-men are coming out From the two-way mirror mountain They're running up behind you and they're coming all about Can't go east 'cos you gotta go south Ogre-men are going home And the great big fight is over Bugle blow, the trumpet cry Ogre battle lives for ever more You can come along You can come along Come to ogre battle
He's a fairy feller The fairy folk have gathered round the new moon shine To see the feller crack a nut at night's noon time To swing his axe he swears, as it climbs he dares To deliver... The Master-Stroke Ploughman, "Waggoner Will", and types Politician with senatorial pipe - he's a dilly-dally-o Pedagogue squinting, wears a frown And a satyr peers under lady's gown, dirty fellow What a dirty laddio Tatterdemalion and a junketer There's a thief and a dragonfly trumpeter - he's my hero Fairy dandy tickling the fancy of his lady friend The nymph in yellow "can we see the Master-Stroke" What a quaere fellow Soldier, sailor, tinker, tailor, ploughboy Waiting to hear the sound And the arch-magician presides He is the leader Oberon and titania watched by a harridan Mab is the queen and there's a good apothecary-man Come to say hello Fairy dandy tickling the fancy of his lady friend The nymph in yellow What a quaere fellow The ostler stares with hands on his knees Come on Mr. Feller, crack it open if you please
There's no living in my life anymore The seas have gone dry and the rain stopped falling Please don't you cry anymore Can't you see Listen to the breeze, whisper to me please Don't send me to the path of nevermore Even the valleys below Where the rays of the sun were so warm and tender Now haven't anything to grow Can't you see Why did you have to leave me Why did you deceive me You send me to the path of nevermore When you say you didn't love me anymore Nevermore Nevermore
Do you mean it? Do you mean it? Do you mean it? Why don't you mean it? Why do I follow you and where do you go? You've never seen nothing like it No, never in your life Like going up to heaven And then coming back alive Let me tell you all about it And the world will so allow it Ooh, give me a little time to choose Water babies singing in a lily-pool delight Blue powder monkeys praying in the dead of night Here comes the black queen, poking in the pile Fie-fo the black queen, marching single file Take this, take that Bring them down to size March to the black queen Put them in the cellar with the naughty boys A little nigger sugar then a rub-a dub-a baby oil Black on, black on every finger nail and toe We've only begun, begun Make this, make that Keep making all that noise March to the black queen Now I've got a belly full You can be my sugar baby You can be my honey chile, yes A voice from behind me reminds me "Spread out your wings. You are an angel Remember to deliver with the speed of light A little bit of love and joy Everything you do bears a will and a why and a wherefore A little bit of love and joy." In each and every soul lies a man And very soon he'll deceive and discover But even 'til the end of his life He'll bring a little love I reign with my left hand I rule with my right I'm lord of all darkness I'm queen of the night I've got the power Now do the march of the black queen My life is in your hands I'll fo and I'll fie I'll be what you make me I'll do what you like I'll be your bad boy  I'll be your bad boy I'll do the march of the black queen Walking to the style She's vulgar 'buse and vile Fie-fo the black queen tattoos all her pies She boils, and she bakes, and she never dots her Is She's our leader Forget your sing-alongs and your lullabies Surrender to the city of the fireflies Dance with the devil, beat with the band To hell with all of you hand-in-hand But now it's time to be gone forever
Funny how love is everywhere just look and see Funny how love is anywhere you're bound to be Funny how love is every song in every key Funny how love is coming home in time for tea Funny, funny, funny Funny how love is the end of lies when the truth begins Tomorrow comes tomorrow beings Tomorrow brings love in the shape of things That's what love is, that's what love is Funny how love is can break your heart so suddenly Funny how love came tumbling down with adam and eve Funny how love is running wild and feeling free Funny how live is coming home in time for tea Funny, funny, funny From the earth below to the heavens above That's how far and funny is love At any time, anywhere If you gotta make love do it everywhere That's what love is, that's what love is Funny how love is everywhere just look and see Funny how love is anywhere you're bound to be Funny how love is every song and every key Funny how love is when you gotta hurry home 'Cos you're late for tea Funny, funny, funny how love is Tomorrow comes, tomorrow brings Tomorrow brings love in the shape of things At any time, anywhere If you gotta make love do it everywhere That's what love is, that's what love is
Fear me you lords and lady preachers I descend upon your earth from the skies I command your very souls you unbelievers Bring before me what is mine The seven seas of rhye Can you hear me you peers and privvy counsellors I stand before you naked to the eyes I will destroy any man who dares abuse my trust I swear that you'll be mine The seven seas of rhye Sister - I live and lie for you Mister - do and I'll die You are mine I possess you I belong to you forever Storm the master-marathon I'll fly through By flash and thunder-fire I'll survive Then I'll defy the laws of nature and come out alive Then I'll get you Be gone with you - you shod and shady senators Give out the good, leave out the bad evil cries I challenge the mighty titan and his troubadours And with a smile I'll take you to the seven seas of rhye
Well she's gone, dear, gone this morning. I wan' see what a fool I've been. Oh, Lord, guilty, cruel. Morning. Fool I've been. Yes, I did too much. Didn't leave, didn't leave no letter. Didn't leave no warning. You are noticing. I guess I'm all to blame. Oh, Lord. I guess I'm all to blame. See you later. Say... Ciao. ...night. Take it. Oh, my little dog ain't too hungry. No, no, he kept on barking. The vicious thing just don't seem the same. Oh, no, no. Just. Oh, don't be. Said don't feel the same. See you later. Now hit it like that. Coming up strong. Well, I got so lonely. Went and told my neighbor. She said, "Mm mm mm mm mm." Oh, Lord, what a fool I've been. And then she told what to do. She said, "Go home." Well, she's gone, gone this morning. See what a fool I've been. Oh, Lord. What a fool I've been. Thank you.
Happy little day, Jimmy went away Met his little Jenny on a public holiday A happy pair they made, so decorously laid 'Neath the gay illuminations all along the promenade "It's so good to know there's still a little magic in the air I'll weave my spell" "Jenny will you stay - tarry with me pray Nothing 'ere need come between us tell me love, what do you say" "Oh no I must away to my Mum in disarray If my mother should discover how I spent my holiday It would be of small avail to talk of magic in the air I'll say farewell" O Rock of Ages, do not crumble, love is breathing still O Lady Moon, shine down a little people magic if you will Jenny pines away, writes a letter everyday "We must ever be together, nothing can my love erase" "Oh no I'm compromised, I must apologize If my lady should discover how I spent my holidays..."
She keeps Moët et Chandon In her pretty cabinet 'Let them eat cake,' she says Just like Marie Antoinette A built-in remedy For Khrushchev and Kennedy At anytime an invitation You can't decline Caviar and cigarettes Well versed in etiquette Extraordinarily nice She's a Killer Queen Gunpowder, gelatine Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind Anytime Recommended at the price Insatiable an appetite Wanna try? To avoid complications She never kept the same address In conversation She spoke just like a baroness Met a man from China Went down to Geisha Minah Then again incidentally If you're that way inclined Perfume came naturally from Paris For cars she couldn't care less Fastidious and precise She's a Killer Queen Gunpowder, gelatine Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind Anytime Drop of a hat she's as willing as Playful as a pussy cat Then momentarily out of action Temporarily out of gas To absolutely drive you wild, wild She's out to get you She's a Killer Queen Gunpowder, gelatine Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind Anytime Recommended at the price Insatiable an appetite Wanna try? You wanna try
My new purple shoes, bin' amazin' the people next door And my rock 'n roll 45's, bin' enragin' the folks on the lower floor I got a way with girls on my block Try my best be a real individual And when we go down to Smokies and rock They line up like it's some kinda ritual Oh give me a good guitar, and you can say that my hair's a disgrace Or, just give me an open car, I'll make the speed of light outta this place I like the good things in life But most of the best things ain't free And this same situation, just cuts like a knife When you're young, and you're poor, and you're crazy But oh, give me a good guitar, and you can say that my hair's a disgrace Or, just give me an open car, I'll make the speed of light outta this place
Dislocate your spine if you don't sign he says I'll have you seeing double Mesmerize you when he's tongue-tied Simply with those eyes Synchronize your minds and see The beast within him rise Don't look back Don't look back It's a rip-off Flick of the wrist and you're dead baby Blow him a kiss and you're mad Flick of the wrist - he'll eat your heart out A dig in the ribs and then a kick in the head He's taken an arm and taken a leg All this time honey Baby you've been had. Intoxicate your brain with what I'm saying If not you'll lie in knee-deep trouble Prostitute yourself he says Castrate your human pride Sacrifice your leisure days Let me squeeze you till you've dried Don't look back Don't look back It's a rip-off Work my fingers to my bones I scream with pain I still make no impression Seduce you with his money-make machine Cross-collateralize, big-time money, money Reduce you to a muzak-fake machine Then the last goodbye It's a rip-off Flick of the wrist and you're dead baby Blow him a kiss and you're mad Flick of the wrist - he'll eat your heart out A dig in the ribs and then a kick in the head He's taken an arm, and taken a leg All this time honey Baby you've been had
I am forever searching high and low But why does everybody tell me no Neptune of the seas Have you an answer for me please And the lily of the valley doesn't know I lie in wait with open eyes I carry on through stormy skies I follow every course My kingdom for a horse But each time I grow old Serpent of the Nile Relieve me for a while And cast me from your spell and let me go Messenger from Seven Seas has flown To tell the King of Rhye he's lost his throne Wars will never cease Is there time enough for peace But the lily of the valley doesn't know
Here I stand Look around around around But you won't see me Now I'm here, Now I'm there, I'm just a... Just a new man Yes you made me live again A baby I was when you took my hand And the light of the night burned bright And the people all stared didn't understand But you knew my name on sight Whatever came of you and me America's new bride to be - don't worry baby I'm safe and sound Down in the dungeon just Peaches 'n' me Don't I love her so A thin moon me in a smoke-screen sky Where the beams of your lovelight chase Don't move, don't speak, don't feel no pain With a rain running down my face Your matches still light up the sky And many a tear lives on in my eye Down in the city just Hoople 'n' me Don't I love him so Whatever comes of you and me I love to leave my memory with you Now I'm here Think I'll stay around around around We'll be down in the city justa you 'n' me Don't I love you so
Leave it in the lap of the gods I live my life for you Think all my thoughts with you and only you Anything you ask I do, for you I touch your lips with mine But in the end I leave it to the lords Leave it in the lap of the gods What more can I do? Leave it in the lap of the gods I leave it to you Leave it in the lap of the gods Leave it in the lap of the gods I want you to Leave it in the lap of the gods Leave it in the lap of the gods Leave it in the lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods Lap of the gods
Sleeping very soundly On a Saturday morning I was dreaming I was Al Capone There's a rumour going round Gotta clear outta town I'm smelling like a dry-fish bone Here come the Law, Gonna break down the door Gonna carry me away once more Never, I never, I never want it any more Gotta get away from this stone-cold floor Crazy Stone-cold crazy, you know Rainy afternoon I gotta blow a typhoon And I'm playing on my slide trombone Anymore, anymore, Cannot take it anymore Gotta get away from this stone-cold floor Crazy Stone-cold crazy, you know Hit 'em up Walking down the street Shooting people that I meet With my rubber Tommy water gun Here come the deputy He's gonna come and get a me I gotta get me get up and run They got the sirens loose I ran right out of juice They're gonna put me in a cell If I can't go to heaven Will they let me go to hell? Crazy Stone-cold crazy, you know
So dear friends your love has gone Only tears to dwell upon I dare not say as the wind must blow So a love is lost, a love is won Go to sleep and dream again Soon your hopes will rise and then From all this gloom life can start anew And there'll be no crying soon
Don't you misfire Fill me up With the desire To carry on Don't you know honey, that love's a game It's always hit or miss, so take your aim Got to hold on tight, shoot me out of sight Don't you misfire... Don't you misfire... Your gun is loaded, and pointing my way There's only one bullet, so don't delay Got to time it right, fire me through the night Come on, take a shot Fire me higher Don't you miss this time Please don't misfire, misfire
Bring back bring back bring back that Leroy Brown Yeah! Bring back bring back gotta bring that Leroy Brown back! Bet your bottom dollar bill you're a playboy Yeah Yeah! Daddy cool with a ninety dollar smile ooh Yeah Took my money out of gratitude And he git right out of town Well I gotta getty up steady up shoot him down Gotta hit that latitude babe Bring back bring back bring back that Leroy Brown Yeah! Bring back bring back gotta ring that Leroy Brown Yeah! Big bad Leroy Brown he got no common sense No no he got no brains but he sure gotta lotta style Can't stand no more in this here jail I gotta rid myself of this sentence Gotta get out of the heat step into the shade Gotta get me there dead or alive babe Big bad Leroy... Big bad Leroy Brown Bring back bring back bring back that Leroy Brown Yeah! Bring back bring back gotta bring back Leroy Brown Yeah! Big mama Lulu Belle she had a nervous breakdown She had a nervous breakdown Leroy's taken her honey chile away But she met him down at the station  Put a shotgun to his head and unless I be mistaken This is what she said Big bad big boy big bad Leroy Brown I'm gonna get that cutie pie Bring back bring back bring back that Leroy Brown Yeah! Big bad caused a mighty fine sensation Yeah Yeah! Gone and got himself elected President We want Leroy for President Next time you gotta hit a bitty baddy weather This time like a shimmy shammy leather He's a big boy bad boy Leroy I don't care where you get him from Bring that big bad Leroy back Want him back
Daddy Cool with a ninety dollar smile Took my money out of gratitude And he git right outta town - well I gotta getty up, steady up, shoot him down Gotta hit that latitude - babe Daddy Cool with a ninety dollar smile Took my money out of gratitude And he git right outta town - well Big bad Leroy Brown he got no common sense - no, no He got no brains but he sure gotta lot of style Can't stand no more in this here jail I gotta rid myself of this sentence Gotta get out the heat, step into the shade Gotta get me there dead or alive - babe Wooh, wooh, big bad Leroy, wooh, wooh, Wooh, wooh, big bad Leroy - Brown - well Daddy Cool with a ninety dollar smile Took my money out of gratitude And he git right outta town - well Big Mama Lulu Belle she had a nervous breakdown She had a nervous breakdown Leroy's taken her honey chile away But she met him down at the station Put a shot gun to his head And unless I be mistaken This is what she said "Big bad, big boy, big bad Leroy Brown I'm gonna get that cutie pie" Daddy Cool with a ninety dollar smile Took my money out of gratitude And he git right outta town - well
I love She makes me She is my heart She is my love I know I'm jealous of her She makes me need She is my love Who knows who she'll make me As I lie in her cocoon And the world will surely heal my ills I'm warm and terrified She makes me so I know the day I leave her I'll love her still She is my love She is my love She knows where my dreams will end I'll follow as they grow But the world will know how long I'll take And if I'm very slow she makes me so She is my love
Gone and got himself elected president We want Leroy for President Next time, you gotta hit a bitty baddy weather This time, like a shimmy, shammy leather He's a big boy, bad boy, Leroy I don't care where you get him from Bring that big bad Leroy back Want him back
It's so easy, but I can't do it So risky - But I gotta chance it It's so funny, there's nothing to laugh about My money, that's all you wanna talk about I can see what you want me to be But I'm no fool It's in the lap of the Gods I can see what you want me to be But I'm no fool No beginning, there's no ending There's no meaning in my pretending Believe me, life goes on and on and on Forgive me when I ask you where do I belong You say I can't set you free from me But that's not true It's in the lap of the Gods I can see what you want me to be But I'm no fool It's in the lap of the Gods Wo wo la la la wo Wo wo la la Wah wah ooh But that's not true
You suck my blood like a leech. You break the law and you preach. Screw my brain 'til it hurts. You've taken all my money, and you want more. Misguided old mule With your pigheaded rules, With your narrow-minded cronies Who are fools of the first division. Death on two legs, You're tearing me apart. Death on two legs, You never had a heart Of your own. Kill joy, bad guy, Big talking, small fry, You're just an old barrow boy. Have you found a new toy  To replace me? Can you face me? But now you can kiss my ass goodbye. Feel good. Are you satisfied? Do you feel like suicide? I think you should. Is your conscience all right? Does it plague you at night? Do you feel good, feel good? Talk like a big business tycoon. You're just a hot air balloon. So no one gives you a damn. You're just an overgrown school boy. Let me tan your hide. Dog with disease, You're the king of the 'sleaze'. Put your money where your mouth is, Mr. Know-All. Was the fin on your back part of the deal, shark? Death on two legs, Tearing me apart. Death on two legs, You never had a heart... You never did... ...of your own. ...right from the start. Insane should be put inside. You're a sewer rat decaying in a cesspool of pride. Should be made unemployed Then make yourself null and void. Make me feel good. I feel good.
I go out to work on a Monday morning Tuesday I go off to honeymoon I'll be back again before it's time for Sunny-down, I'll be lazing on a Sunday afternoon Bicycling on every Wednesday evening Thursday I go waltzing to the Zoo I come from London town, I'm just an ordinary guy, Fridays I go painting in the Louvre I'm bound to be proposing on a Saturday night There he goes again I'll be lazing on a Sunday Lazing on a Sunday Lazing on a Sunday afternoon.
The machine of a dream Such a clean machine With the pistons a-pumpin' And the hubcaps all gleam When I'm holding your wheel All I hear is your gear With my hand on your grease gun It's like a disease son I'm in love with my car Gotta feel for my automobile Get a grip on my boy racer rollbar Such a thrill when your radials squeal Told my girl I have to forget her Rather buy me a new carburettor So she made tracks sayin' this is the end now Cars don't talk back they're just four-wheeled friends now When I'm holding your wheel All I hear is your gear When I'm cruisin' in overdrive Don't have to listen to no run-of-the-mill talk jive I'm in love with my car Gotta feel for my automobile I'm in love with my car String-back gloves in my automolove!
Ooh, you make me live Whatever this world can give to me It's you, you're all I see Ooh, you make me live now honey Ooh, you make me live You're the best friend That I ever had I've been with you such a long time You're my sunshine And I want you to know That my feelings are true I really love you You're my best friend Ooh, you make me live I've been wandering round But I still come back to you In rain or shine You've stood by me girl I'm happy at home happy at home You're my best friend. Ooh, you make me live Whenever this world is cruel to me I got you to help me forgive Ooh, you make me live now honey Ooh, you make me live You're the first one When things turn out bad You know I'll never be lonely You're my only one And I love the things I really love the things that you do You're my best friend Ooh, you make me live. I'm happy, happy at home You're my best friend You're my best friend Ooh, you make me live You, you're my best friend.
In the year of '39 assembled here the Volunteers In the days when lands were few Here the ship sailed out into the blue and sunny morn The sweetest sight ever seen. And the night followed day And the story tellers say That the score brave souls inside For many a lonely day sailed across the milky seas Never looked back, never feared, never cried. Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you Write your letters in the sand For the day I take your hand In the land that our grandchildren knew. In the year of '39 came a ship in from the blue The volunteers came home that day And they bring good news of a world so newly born Though their hearts so heavily weigh For the earth is old and grey, little darling we'll away But my love this cannot be For so many years have gone though I'm older but a year Your mother's eyes from your eyes cry to me. Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you Write your letters in the sand For the day I take your hand In the land that our grandchildren knew. Don't you hear my call though you're many years away Don't you hear me calling you All your letters in the sand cannot heal me like your hand For my life Still ahead Pity Me.
You call me up and treat me like a dog You call me up and tear me up inside You've got me on a lead You bring me down You shout around You don't believe that I'm alone You don't believe me Sweet lady Sweet lady Sweet lady... stay sweet You say You call me up and feed me all the lines You call me sweet like I'm some kind of cheese Waiting on the shelf You eat me up You hold me down I'm just a fool to make you a home Ooh you really do And you say Sweet lady Sweet lady Sweet lady... stay sweet My sweet lady Though it seems like we wait forever Stay sweet baby Believe and we've got everything we need Sweet lady Sweet lady Sweet lady... stay sweet Runaway come on Yeah yeah Sweet lady
Seaside Whenever you stroll along with me I'm merely contemplating what you feel inside Meanwhile I ask you to be my Clementine You say you will if you could but you can't I love you madly Let my imagination run away with you gladly A brand new angle Highly commendable Seaside Rendezvous I feel so romantic. Can we do it again? Can we do it again sometime? ooh I like that Fantastic, c'est la vie Madames et Monsieurs And at the peak of the season, the Mediterranean This time of year it's so fashionable, I feel like dancing in the rain, Can I have a volunteer? Just keep right on dancing What a damn jolly good idea - It's such a jollification as a matter of fact, so tres charmant, my dear Underneath the moonlight Together we'll sail across the sea reminiscing every night shine on silvery moonlight Meantime in the meantime, baby I ask you to be my Valentine You say you'd have to tell your daddy if you can I'll be your Valentino We'll ride upon an omnibus and then the casino Get a new facial Start a sensation Seaside Rendezvous — so adorable, Seaside Rendezvous — ooh hoo Seaside Rendezvous — give us a kiss
Oh, oh, people of the earth Listen to the warning The seer he said Beware the storm that gathers here Listen to the wise man. I dreamed I saw on a moonlit stair Spreading his hands on the multitude there A man who cried for a love gone stale And ice cold hearts of charity bare. I watched as fear took the old men's gaze Hopes of the young in troubled graves "I see no day," I heard him say So grey is the face of every mortal. Oh, oh people of the earth Listen to the warning The prophet he said For soon the cold of night will fall Summoned by your own hand. Oh, oh children of the land Quicken to the new life Take my hand Fly and find the new green bough Return like the white dove. He told of death as a bone white haze Taking the lost and the unloved babe Late too late all the wretches run These kings of beasts now counting their days. From mother's love is the son estranged Married his own his precious gain The earth will shake in two will break And death all around will be your dowry Oh, oh people of the earth Listen to the warning the seer he said For those who hear and mark my words Listen to the good plan Oh, oh, oh, oh and two by two my human zoo They'll be running for to come Running for to come out of the rain Oh flee for your life Who heed me not let all your treasure make you Oh fear for your life Deceive you not the fires of hell will take you Should death await you Ah people can you hear me? And now I know and now I know And now I know and now I know That you can hear me And now I know and now I know And now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know The earth will shake in two will break Death all around around around around Around around around around Now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know now I know Now I know Wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo Listen to the wise listen to the wise listen to the wise Listen to the wise listen to the wise man La la La la la la la la La la la la la la La la la la la la La la la la la la La la la la la la La la la la la la La la La la La la Come here I - You Come here I - You Come here I - You Come here I - You Ah ah ah ah ah Listen to the man listen to the man listen to the man listen to the mad man God gave you grace to purge this place And peace all around may be your fortune Oh, oh children of the land Love is still the answer take my hand The vision fades a voice I hear Listen to the madman! But still I fear and still I dare not Laugh at the madman!
Love of my life, you've hurt me You've broken my heart And now you leave me Love of my life, can't you see? Bring it back, bring it back, Don't take it away from me Because you don't know What it means to me Love of my life, don't leave me You've taken my love all my love You now desert me Love of my life, can't you see? please bring it back Bring it back, bring it back Don't take it away from me Because you don't know What it means to me You will remember When this is blown over And everything's all by the way When I grow older I will be there at your side To remind you how I still love you I still love you Back, hurry back Please, bring it back home to me Because you don't know What it means to me Love of my life Love of my life
"Take good care of what you've got," My father said to me. As he puffed his pipe and Baby B. He dandled on his knee, "Don't fool with fools who'll turn away. Keep all good company." Take care of those you call your own And keep good company Soon I grew and happy too My very good friends and me We'd play all day with Sally J. The girl from number four And very soon I begged her, "Won't you keep me company?" Come marry me for evermore We'll be good company Now marriage is an institution. Sure My wife and I, our needs and nothing more All my friends by a year By and by disappeared But we're safe enough behind our door. I flourished in my humble trade My reputation grew The work devoured my waking hours But when my time was through Reward of all my efforts my own limited company I hardly noticed Sally as we parted company All through the years In the end it appears There was never really anyone but me Now I'm old, I puff my pipe But no one's there to see I ponder on the lesson of my life's insanity Take care of those you call your own And keep good company
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, No escape from reality. Open your eyes, Look up to the skies and see, I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy, Because I'm easy come, easy go, Little high, little low, Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me. Mama, just killed a man, Put a gun against his head, Pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun, But now I've gone and thrown it all away. Mama, ooh, Didn't mean to make you cry, If I'm not back again this time tomorrow, Carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters. Too late, my time has come, Sends shivers down my spine, Body's aching all the time. Goodbye, everybody, I've got to go, Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth. Mama, ooh any way the wind blows, I don't wanna die, I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all. I see a little silhouetto of a man, Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, Very, very frightening me. Galileo Galileo. Galileo Galileo, Galileo Figaro Magnifico-o-o-o-o. I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family, Spare him his life from this monstrosity. Easy come, easy go, will you let me go? Bismillah! No, we will not let you go. Let him go! Bismillah! We will not let you go. Let him go! Bismillah! We will not let you go. Let me go! Will not let you go. Let me go! Never let you go Never, never, never, never let me go Oh oh oh oh No, no, no, no, no, no, no Oh, mama mia, mama mia Mama mia, let me go. Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me. So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby, Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here. Ooooh, ooh yeah, ooh yeah Nothing really matters, Anyone can see, Nothing really matters, Nothing really matters to me. Any way the wind blows.
Get your party gown Get your pigtail down Get your heart beatin' baby Got my timin' right Got my act all tight It's gotta be tonight my little Schoolbabe Your momma says you don't And your Daddy says you won't And I'm boilin' up inside Ain't no way I'm gonna lose out this time Tie your Mother down Tie your Mother down Lock your Daddy out of doors I don't need him nosing around Tie your Mother down Tie your Mother down Give me all your love tonight You're such a dirty louse Go get outta my house That's all I ever get from your Family ties, in fact I don't think I ever heard A single little civil word from those guys But you know I don't give a light I'm gonna make out all right I've got a sweetheart hand To put a stop to all that Grousin' an' snipin' Tie your Mother down Tie your Mother down Take your little brother swimmin' With a brick that's all right Tie your Mother down, Tie your Mother down Or you ain't no friend of mine Your momma and your Daddy gonna Plague me til I die Why can't they understand I'm just a Peace lovin' guy Tie your Mother down Tie your Mother down. . .etc etc. . .
Look into my eyes and you'll see I'm the only one You've captured my love Stolen my heart Changed my life Every time you make a move You destroy my mind And the way you touch I lose control and shiver deep inside You take my breath away You can reduce me to tears With a single sigh Every breath that you take - Any sound that you make Is a whisper in my ear I could give up all my life for just one kiss I would surely die If you dismiss me from your love You take my breath away So please don't go Don't leave me here all by myself I get ever so lonely from time to time I will find you Anywhere you go, I'll be right behind you Right until the ends of the earth I'll get no sleep till I find you to tell you That you just take my breath away I will find you...etc I'll get no sleep til I find you to tell you when I've found you - I love you
You might believe in heaven I would not care to say For every star in heaven There's a sad soul here today Wake up in the morning with a good face Stare at the moon all day Lonely as a whisper on a star chase Does anyone care anyway For all the prayers in heaven So much of life's this way Did we leave our way behind us Such a long long way behind us Who knows when, now who knows where Where the light of day will find us? Look for the day Take heart, my friend, we love you Though it seems like you're alone A million lights above you Smile down upon your home Hurry put your troubles in a suitcase Come let the new child play Lonely as a whisper on a star chase I'm leaving here, I'm long away For all the stars in heaven I would not live I could not live this way Did we leave our way behind us Such a long way behind us Leave it for some hopeless lane Such a long long way such a long long way such a long long away I'm looking for Still looking for that day
Bring out the charge of the love brigade There is spring in the air once again Drink to the sound of the song parade There is music and love everywhere Give a little love to me Take a little love from me, I want to share it with you I feel like a millionaire Once we were mad, we were happy We spent all our days holding hands together Do you remember, my love How we danced and played In the rain we laid Could stay there, forever and ever Now I am sad You are so far away I sit counting the hours day by day Come back to me, how I long for your love Come back to me - be happy like we used to be Come back to me, oh my love How I long for your love - won't you come back to me, yeah My fine friend - take me with you and love me forever - My fine friend - forever - ever Come back, come back to me, make me feel - Like a millionaire
Music is playing in the darkness And a lantern goes swinging by Shadows flickering My heart's jittering Just you and I Not tonight Come tomorrow When everything's sunny and bright No No No Come tomorrow Cos then we'll be waiting for the moonlight We'll go walking in the moonlight Walking in the moonlight Laughter ringing in the darkness People drinking for days gone by Time don't mean a thing When you're by my side Please stay a while You know I never could foresee the future years You know I never could see where life was leading me But will we be together for ever What will be my love, can't you see that I just don't know No no not tonight Come tomorrow When everything's gonna be alright Wait and see If tomorrow We'll be as happy as we're feeling tonight We'll go walking in the moonlight Walking in the moonlight I can hear the music in the darkness Floating softly to where to lie No more questions now Let's enjoy tonight Just you and I Just you and I
Can anybody find me somebody to love? Each morning I get up I die a little Can barely stand on my feet take a look at yourself Take a look in the mirror and cry Lord, what you're doing to me I have spent all my years in believing you But I just can't get no relief, Lord! Somebody somebody, somebody somebody Can anybody find me somebody to love? I work hard he works hard every day of my life I work 'til I ache my bones At the end at the end of the day I take home takes home my hard-earned pay all goes home on his own on my own I go down down on my knees knees And I start to pray praise the Lord 'Til the tears run down from my eyes Lord, somebody somebody, somebody please Can anybody find me somebody to love? he works hard everyday everyday I try, and I try, and I try But everybody wants to put me down They say I'm goin' crazy They say I got a lot of water in my brain I got no common sense he's got I got nobody left to believe in Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, Lord Somebody somebody, somebody somebody Can anybody find me somebody to love? Can anybody find me someone to love Got no feel, I got no rhythm I just keep losing my beat you just keep losing and losing I'm OK, I'm alright he's alright, he's alright I ain't gonna face no defeat I just gotta get out of this prison cell One day someday I'm gonna be free, Lord! Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me, find me Find me somebody to love Find Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love, love, love Find me, find me Find me somebody to love Somebody to love Find me somebody to love Somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody Somebody find me, somebody find me somebody to love Can anybody find me somebody to love? Find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me, somebody, somebody Find me somebody to love Somebody, somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me, find me, find me, find me, find me Find me somebody to love Ooh, somebody to love Find me somebody to love Find me, find me, find me somebody to love Find me somebody to love Anybody, anywhere, anybody, find me somebody to love Love, love, love, love Find me, find me, find me, yeah
I'm a simple man With a simple name From this soil my people came In this soil remain Oh yeah. . . And we made us our shoes And we trod soft on the land But the immigrant built roads On our blood and sand Oh yeah. . . White man, white man Don't you see the light behind your blackened skies White man, white man You took away sight to blind my simple eyes White man, white man Where you gonna hide From the hell you've made? Oh the red man knows war With his hands and his knives On the Bible you swore Fought your battle with lies Oh yeah. . . Leave my body in shame Leave my soul in disgrace But by every God's name Say your prayers for your race White man, white man Our country was green and all our rivers wide White man, white man You came with a gun and soon our children died White man, white man Don't you give a light for the blood you've shed? What is left of your dream? Just the words on your stone A man who learned how to teach Then forget how to learn
I can dim the lights and sing you songs full of sad things We can do the tango just for two I can serenade and gently play on your heart strings Be your Valentino just for you Ooh love, ooh loverboy What're you doin' tonight, hey, boy? Set my alarm, turn on my charm That's because I'm a good old-fashioned loverboy Ooh, let me feel your heartbeat grow faster, faster Ooh, ooh, can you feel my love heat? Come on and sit on my hot-seat of love And tell me how do you feel right after all I'd like for you and I to go romancing Say the word your wish is my command Ooh love, ooh loverboy What're you doin' tonight, hey, boy? Write my letter Feel much better And use my fancy patter on the telephone When I'm not with you Think of you always I miss those long hot summer nights I miss you When I'm not with you Think of me always Love you, love you Hey, boy, where do you get it from? Hey, boy, where did you go? I learned my passion In the good old-fashioned School of loverboys Dining at the Ritz we'll meet at nine precisely one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine o'clock I will pay the bill, you taste the wine Driving back in style, in my saloon will do quite nicely Just take me back to yours that will be fine come on and get it Ooh love there he goes again, he's my good old fashioned loverboy ooh loverboy What're you doin' tonight, hey, boy? Everything's all right Just hold on tight That's because I'm a good old-fashioned fashioned loverboy
It's the sad-eyed, goodbye, yesterday moments I remember It's the bleak street, weak-kneed partings I recall  It's the mistier mist The hazier days The brighter sun And the easier lays There's all the more reason for laughing and crying When you're younger and life isn't too hard at all It's the fantastic drowse of the afternoon Sundays That bored you to rages of tears The unending pleadings, to waste all your good times In thoughts of your middle aged years It's a vertical hold, all the things that you're told For the everyday hero it all turns to zero And there's all the more reason for living or dying When you're young and your troubles are all very small Out here on the street We'd gather and meet And scuff up the sidewalk with endlessly restless feet Half of the time We'd broaden our minds More in the poolhall than we did in the schoolhall With the downtown chewing-gum bums Watching the nightlife, the lights and the fun Never wanted to be the boy next door Always thought I'd be something more But it ain't easy for a smalltown boy It ain't easy at all Thinkin' it right, doin' it wrong It's easier from an armchair Waves of alternatives  Wash at my sleepiness Have my eggs poached for breakfast I guess I think I'll be Clint Eastwood Jimi Hendrix, he was good, William The Conqueror Now, who else do I like?
When I'm gone No need to wonder if I ever think of you The same moon shines The same wind blows For both of us, and time is but a paper moon... be not gone Though I'm gone It's just as though I hold the flower that touches you A new life grows The blossom knows There's no one else could warm my heart as much as you... be not gone Let us cling together as the years go by Oh my love, my love In the quiet of the night Let our candle always burn Let us never lose the lessons we have learned Teo Torriate konomama iko Aisuruhito yo Shizukana yoi ni Hikario tomoshi Itoshiki oshieo idaki Hear my song Still think of me the way you've come to think of me The nights grow long But dreams live on Just close your pretty eyes and you can be with me... dream on When I'm gone They'd say we're all fools and we don't understand Oh be strong Don't turn your heart We're all You're all For all For always...
Buddy you're a boy make a big noise Playin' in the street gonna be a big man some day You got mud on yo' face You big disgrace Kickin' your can all over the place Singin' We will we will rock you We will we will rock you Buddy you're a young man hard man Shoutin' in the street gonna take on the world some day You got blood on yo' face You big disgrace Wavin' your banner all over the place We will we will rock you Sing it! We will we will rock you Buddy you're an old man poor man Pleadin' with your eyes gonna make you some peace some day You got mud on your face Big disgrace Somebody better put you back into your place We will we will rock you Sing it! We will we will rock you Everybody We will we will rock you We will we will rock you Alright
I've paid my dues Time after time. I've done my sentence But committed no crime. And bad mistakes I've made a few. I've had my share of sand kicked in my face But I've come through. And I need to go on and on, and on, and on. We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions of the world. I've taken my bows, And my curtain calls. You brought me fame and fortune, and everything that goes with it. I thank you all. But it's been no bed of roses, No pleasure cruise. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race, And I ain't gonna lose. And I need just go on and on, and on, and on. We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions of the world. We are the champions, my friends, And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end. We are the champions. We are the champions. No time for losers 'Cause we are the champions.
Well you're just 17 and all you wanna do is disappear You know what I mean there's a lot of space between your ears The way that you touch don't feel nothin' Hey hey hey hey, it was the DNA Hey hey hey hey, that made me this way Do you know, do you know, do you know, just how I feel Do you know, do you know, do you know, just how I feel Sheer heart attack Sheer heart attack Real cardiac I feel so in-articulate Gotta feelin', gotta feelin', gotta feelin', like I'm paralysed It ain't no, it ain't no, it ain't no, it ain't no surprise Turn on the TV let it drip right down in your eyes Hey hey hey hey, it was the DNA Hey hey hey hey, that made me this way Do you know, do you know, do you know, just how I feel Do you know, do you know, do you know, just how I feel Sheer heart attack Sheer heart attack Real cardiac I feel so in-articulate Do you know, do you know, do you know just how I feel Do you know, do you know, do you know just how I feel Do you know, do you know, do you know just how I feel Do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know just how I feel Sheer heart attack Sheer heart attack Real cardiac
She came without a farthing A babe without a name So much ado about nothing Is what she'd try to say So much ado my lover So many games we played Through every fleeted summer Through every precious day All dead, all dead All the dreams we had And I wonder why I still live on All dead, all dead And alone I'm spared My sweeter half instead All dead and gone All dead All dead, all dead At the rainbow's end And still I hear her own sweet song All dead, all dead Take me back again You know my little friend's All dead and gone Her ways are always with me I wander all the while But please you must forgive me I am old but still a child All dead, all dead But I should not grieve In time it comes to everyone All dead, all dead But in hope I breathe Of course I don't believe You're dead and gone All dead and gone
Sammy was low Just watching the show Over and over again Knew it was time He'd made up his mind To leave his dead life behind His boss said to him "Boy you'd better begin To get those crazy notions right out of your head Sammy who do you think that you are? You should've been sweeping up the Emerald Bar" Spread your wings and fly away Fly away, far away Spread your little wings and fly away Fly away, far away Pull yourself together 'Cos you know you should do better That's because you're a free man He spends his evenings alone in his hotel room Keeping his thoughts to himself, he'd be leaving soon Wishing he was miles and miles away Nothing in this world, nothing would make him stay Since he was small Had no luck at all Nothing came easy to him Now it was time He'd made up his mind "This could be my last chance" His boss said to him, "Now listen boy! You're always dreaming You've got no real ambition, you won't get very far Sammy boy, don't you know who you are? Why can't you be happy at the Emerald Bar?" So honey Spread your wings and fly away Fly away, far away Spread your little wings and fly away Fly away, far away Pull yourself together 'Cos you know you should do better That's because you're a free man
Hey you boy, think that you know what you're doing You think you're gonna set things to rights You're just another picture on a teenage wall You're just another sucker ready for a fall You gotta Fight from the inside Attack from the rear Fight from the inside You can't win with your hands tied Fight from the inside Fight from the inside Right down the line - Hey you boy think that you know what you're doing You think that out in the streets is all free You're just another money-spinner tool You're just another fool You gotta Fight from the inside Attack from the rear Fight from the inside You can't win with your hands tied Fight from the inside Fight from the inside Right down the line -
Get down make love Get down make love Get down make love Get down make love - You take my body - I give you heat You say you're hungry I give you meat I suck your mind You blow my head Make love - Inside your bed - everybody get down make love Get down make love Get down make love Get down make love Everytime I get hot You wanna cool down Everytime I get high You say you wanna come down You say it's enough In fact it's too much Everytime I get a - Get down, get down Make love - I can squeeze - You can shake me I can feel - when you break me Come on so heavy - when you take me - You make love, you make love, you make love, you make love You can make everybody get down make love Get down make love Everytime I get high You wanna come down Everytime I get hot You say you wanna cool down You say it's enough In fact it's too much Everytime I wanna, get down, get down get down - Get down make love Get down make love Get down make love
b'I was nothin' but a city boy My trumpet was my only toy I've been blowin' my horn Since I knew I was born But there ain't nobody wants to know I've been Sleepin' on the sidewalk Rollin' down the road I may get hungry But I sure don't want to go home So round the corner comes a limousine And the biggest grin I've ever seen Come on sonny won't you sign Right along the dotted line What you sayin' Are you playin' Sure you don't mean me? Sleepin' on the sidewalk Rollin' down the road I may get hungry But I sure don't wanna go home tell you what happened. . . They took me to a room without a table They said "blow your trumpet into here" I played around as well as I was able And soon we had the record of the year I was a legend all through the land I was blowin' to a million fans Nothin' was a-missin' All the people want to listen You'd have thought I was a happy man And I was Sleepin' like a princess Never touch the road I don't get hungry And I sure don't want to go home have to have some fun. . . Now they tell me that I ain't so fashionable An' I owe the man a million bucks a year So I told 'em where to stick the fancy label It's just me and the road from here Back to playin' and layin' I'm back on the game Sleepin' on the sidewalk Rollin' down the road I sure get hungry and I Sure do wanna go home Yeah'
b'I make it half past six you come at seven Always trying to keep me, hanging round You little spoilt thing, girl you kept me waiting Never contemplating my point of view This comes as no surprise I'm a fool, for I believed your lies But now I've seen through your disguise Who needs, well I don't need, who needs you? Oh I believed you Went on my knees to you How I trusted you But you turned me down But it's dog eat dog in this rat race And it leaves you bleeding lying flat on your face Reaching out, reaching out for a helping hand Where is that helping hand? How I was pushed around "Don't let it get you down" You walked all over me "But don't you ever give in" Taking one step forward, slipping two steps back There's an empty feeling that you can't forget Reaching out, reaching out for a helping hand When I met you, you were always charming Couldn't sleep at night 'till you were mine You were oh so so sophisticated Never interested in what I'd say I had to swallow my pride So naive, you took me for a ride But now I'm the one to decide Who needs, well I don't need, who needs you?'
You say you love me And I hardly know your name And if I say I love you in the candle light There's no one but myself to blame But there's something inside That's turning my mind away Oh, how I could love you If I could let you stay It's late when I'm bleeding deep inside It's late. Ooh, is it just my sickly pride? Too late. Even now the feeling seems to steal away So late. Though I'm crying I can't help but hear you say It's late, it's late, it's late, but not too late The way you love me Is the sweetest love around But after all this time The more I'm trying The more I seem to let you down Yes, baby Now you tell me you're leaving And I just can't believe it's true Oh, you know that I can love you Though I know I can't be true Oh, you made me love you Don't tell me that we're through It's late, but it's driving me so mad It's late. Yes, I know but don't try to tell me That it's too late. Save our love you can't turn out the lights So late. I've been wrong but I'll learn to be right It's late, it's late, it's late, but not too late I've been so long You've been so long We've been so long tryna work it out I ain't got long You ain't got long We gotta know what this life is all about Tell me Tryna work it out Ooh, too late, yeah Too late, much too late You're staring at me With suspicion in your eye You say what game are you playing? What's this that you're saying? I know that I can't reply If I take you tonight Is it making my life a lie? Oh, you make me wonder Did I live my life right? It's late, but it's time to set me free It's late. Ooh, yes, I know but there's no way it has to be Too late. So, let the fire take our bodies this night So late. Let the waters take our guilt in the tide It's late, it's late, it's late, it's late, it's late, it's late, it's late It's all too late Whoa, whoa It's too late, c'mon Late too late, oh, yeah
Another party's over And I'm left cold sober My baby left me for somebody new I don't wanna talk about it Want to forget about it Wanna be intoxicated with that special brew So come and get me Let me Get in that sinking feeling That says my heart is on an all time low - so Don't expect me To behave perfectly And wear that sunny smile My guess is I'm in for a cloudy and overcast Don't try and stop me 'Cause I'm heading for that stormy weather soon I'm causing a mild sensation With this new occupation I'm permanently glued To this extraordinary mood, so now moveover And let me take over With my melancholy blues I'm causing a mild sensation With this new occupation I'm in the news I'm just getting used to my new exposure Come into my enclosure And meet my melancholy blues
Memories, memories How long can you stay to haunt my days? 'Twas not for talk of loving 'Twas not for talk at all So much ado about nothing Would be her only call So much ado my lover So many games we played Through many a fleeted summer Through every precious day All dead, all dead All the dreams we had And I wonder why I still live on All dead, all dead And alone I'm spared My sweeter half instead All dead and gone All dead All dead, all dead At the rainbow's end Still I hear her own sweet song All dead, all dead Take me back again I know my little friend's All dead and gone Her ways are always with me I wander all the while But please you must forgive me I am old but still a child All dead, all dead But I should not grieve In time it comes to everyone All dead, all dead But in hope I breathe Of course I don't believe You're dead and gone All dead and gone
b'Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah will pray for you. Hey! Mustapha, Mustapha, Mustapha Ibrahim. Mustapha, Mustapha, Mustapha Ibrahim. Mustapha Ibrahim, Mustapha Ibrahim Allah, Allah, Allah will pray for you. Mustapha Ibrahim, al havra kris vanin Allah, Allah, Allah will pray for you. Mustapha, hey! Mustapha Mustapha Ibrahim, Mustapha Ibrahim, hey! Allah-i, Allah-i, Allah-i, Ibra-Ibra-Ibrahim, yeah! Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Allah Allah Allah-i hey! Mustapha Mustapha - Allah-i na stolei Mustapha Mustapha - Achtar es na sholei Mustapha Mustapha - Mochamut dei ya low eshelei Mustapha Mustapha - ai ai ai ai ahelei Mustapha, Mustapha, Ist avil ahiln avil ahiln adhim Mustapha, Salaam Aleikum! Mustapha Ibrahim, Mustapha Ibrahim Allah, Allah, Allah will pray for you. Mustapha Ibrahim, achbar ish navin Allah, Allah, Allah will pray for you. Mustapha, Mustapha Mustapha Ibrahim, Mustapha Ibrahim, hey! Allah-i, Allah-i, Allah-i, Ibra-Ibra-Ibrahim, yeah! Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Ibrahim, Allah Allah Allah-i hey! Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha Mustapha, Mustapha, Vontap ist ahiln avil ahiln adhim Mustapha, Aleikum Salaam hey!'
Ah you gonna take me home tonight Ah down beside that red fire light Ah you gonna let it all hang out Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round Hey I was just a skinny lad Never knew no good from bad But I knew life before I left my nursery huh Left alone with big fat Fanny She was such a naughty nanny Heap big woman, you made a bad boy out of me Hey hey! I've been singing with my band Across the water, across the land I've seen every blue eyed floozy on the way hey But their beauty and their style Went kind of smooth after a while Take me to them dirty ladies every time C'mon! Ah, won't you take me home tonight? Ah, down beside your red fire light Ah, and you give it all you got Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round Hey, listen here Now I got mortgages and homes I got stiffness in the bones Ain't no beauty queens in this locality I tell you Oh, but I still get my pleasure Still got my greatest treasure Heap big woman you done made a big man of me now get this Oh I know, you gonna take me home tonight please Oh, down beside that red fire light Oh, you gonna let it all hang out Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round yeah Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round Get on your bikes and ride Ooh, yeah, oh, yeah, them fat bottomed girls Fat bottomed girls, yeah, yeah, yeah Allright Ride 'em come on Fat bottomed girls Yeah, yeah, right
Oh how wrong can you be? Oh to fall in love was my very first mistake How was I to know I was far too much in love to see? Oh jealousy look at me now Jealousy you got me somehow You gave me no warning Took me by surprise Jealousy you led me on You couldn't lose you couldn't fail You had suspicion on my trail How how how all my jealousy I wasn't man enough to let you hurt my pride Now I'm only left with my own jealousy Oh how strong can you be With matters of the heart? Life is much too short To while away with tears If only you could see just what you do to me Oh jealousy you tripped me up Jealousy you brought me down You bring me sorrow you cause me pain Jealousy when will you let go? Gotta hold of my possessive mind Turned me into a jealous kind How how how all my jealousy I wasn't man enough to let you hurt my pride Now I'm only left with my own jealousy But now it matters not if I should live or die 'Cause I'm only left with my own jealousy
Bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride it where I like You say black I say white You say bark I say bite You say shark I say hey man Jaws was never my scene And I don't like Star Wars You say Rolls I say Royce You say God give me a choice You say Lord I say Christ I don't believe in Peter Pan Frankenstein or Superman All I wanna do is Bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my Bicycle races are coming your way So forget all your duties oh yeah! Fat bottomed girls they'll be riding today So look out for those beauties oh yeah On your marks get set go Bicycle race bicycle race bicycle race Bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle I want a Bicycle race You say coke I say caine You say John I say Wayne Hot dog I say cool it man I don't wanna be the President of America You say smile I say cheese Cartier I say please Income tax I say Jesus I don't wanna be a candidate For Vietnam or Watergate 'Cause all I want to do is Bicycle bicycle bicycle I want to ride my bicycle, bicycle c'mon, bicycle I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride it where I like
Keep your chin up when you're feeling lonely Don't let them get you down Ain't no use in sitting all alone Hangin' around for someone to call Ohh they won't come knocking at all Don't run and hide even if it hurts you inside So I said give as good as you get If you can't beat them join them You better do it 'cos it makes you feel good If you can't beat them join them You're never gonna help yourself Keep your fingers off my money Don't try and pull me down You're taking me out to wine and dine me Trying to wind me round and around Invite me to your little contract Ha! Ha! Rumour has it that you could play dirty I tell you what I'll do about that I'm playing at the wrong game yeah! If you can't beat them join them You've got to do it 'cos it makes you feel good If you can't beat them join them You're never gonna help yourself If you can't beat them join them You've got to do it 'cos it makes you feel good If you can't beat them join them It's everyone for themselves
Let me welcome you ladies and gentlemen I would like to say hello Are you ready for some entertainment? Are you ready for a show? Gonna rock gonna roll you Get you dancing in the aisles Jazz and a razzmatazz you With a little bit of style C'mon let me entertain you Let me entertain you let me entertain you I've come here to sell you my body I can show you some good merchandise I'll pull you and pill you I'll crueladeville you And to thrill you I'll use any device We'll give you crazy performance We'll give you grounds for divorce We'll give you piece de resistance And a tour de force of course We found the right location Got a lot of pretty lights The sound and amplification listen Hey if you need a fix if you want a high Stickells see to that With Elektra and EMI We'll show you where it's at So c'mon Let me entertain you let me entertain you Let me entertain you Just take a look at the menu We give you rock a la carte We'll breakfast at Tiffany's We'll sing to you in Japanese We're only here to entertain you If you wanna see some action You get nothing but the best The S and M attraction We've got the pleasure chest Chicago and New Orleans We get you on the line If you dig the New York scene We'll have a son of a bitch of a time C'mon Let me entertain you let me entertain you Let me entertain you tonight
Fool always jumping never happy where you land Fool got my bus'ness make your living where you can Hurry down the highway Hurry down the road Hurry past the people staring Hurry hurry hurry hurry Leave on time leave on time Never got your ticket but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Gonna get your ticket but you leave on time Put it in your pocket but you never can tell Leave on time leave on time Shake that rattle gonna leave on time Leave on time leave on time Fight your battle but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Never got a minute no you never got a minute No you never never got on no matter Fool got no bus'ness hanging round and telling lies Fool you got no reasons but you got no compromise Stamping Gotta get out gotta get out gotta get out Oh you know I'm going crazy Leave on time leave on time Gotta get ahead but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Gonna head on ahead but you leave on time Leave on time leave on time You're running in the red but you never can tell Leave on time leave on time Gotta get rich gonna leave on time Leave on time leave on time But you can't take it with you when you leave on time Leave on time leave on time Got to keep yourself alive gotta leave on time Gotta leave on time leave on time Dead on time 'You're Dead'
Monday, Start of my holiday. Freedom for just one week. Feels good to get away. Tuesday, Saw her down on the beach. I stood and watched a while, And she looked and smiled at me. Wednesday, I didn't see her. I hoped that she'd be back tomorrow. And then on Thursday My luck had changed. She stood there all alone, I went and asked her name. I never thought that this could happen to me In only seven days. It would take a hundred or more For memories to fade. I wish Friday would last forever. I held her close to me. I couldn't bear to leave her there. Saturday, just twenty four hours. Oh, no, I'm going back home on Sunday. I'm so sad alone.
Oh I used to be your baby Used to be your pride and joy You used to take me dancing Just like any other boy But now you've found another partner You've left me like a broken toy Oh it's someone else you're taking Someone else you're playing to Honey though I'm aching Know just what I have to do If I can't have you when I'm waking I'll go to sleep and dream I'm with you Oh take me take me take me To the dreamer's ball I'll be right on time and I'll dress so fine You're gonna love me when you see me I won't have to worry Take me, take me Promise not to wake me 'Till it's morning It's all been true Oh take me take me take me I'm your play thing now You make my life worthwhile With the slightest smile Or destroy me with a barely perceptible whisper Gently take me remember I'll be dreaming of my baby At the dreamer's ball Take me hold me Remember what you told me You'd meet me at the dreamer's ball I'll meet you at the dreamer's ball
Everybody in the morning Should do a good turn all right Everybody in the night time Should have a good time all night Now we got a movement Don't shun it fun it Can't you see now you're moving free? Get some fun join our dynasty Can't you tell when we get it down? You're the one you're the best in town Hey everybody everybody gonna have a good time tonight Just shaking the soles of your feet Everybody everybody gonna have a good time tonight That's the only soul you'll ever meet They say that moving the body's right it's all right That's the only one part of being alive all right all right Groove on out groove on up OK Do your thing do your thing your wa Get you kicks get your tricks with me Get up and dance honey fun's for free Hey everybody everybody gonna have a good time tonight Just shaking the soles of your feet Everybody everybody gonna have a good time tonight That's the only sole you'll ever meet Don't shun it fun it Don't shun it fun it Don't shun it fun it
I take a step outside And I breathe the air And I slam the door And I'm on my way I won't lay no blame I won't call you names 'Cause I've made my break And I won't look back I've turned my back On those endless games I'm all through with ties I'm all tired of tears I'm a happy man Don't it look that way? Shaking dust from my shoes There's a road ahead And there's no way back home Ohh but I have Leaving home ain't easy Oh I never thought it would be easy Leaving on your own Oh is the main thing calling me back? Leaving home ain't easy On the one your leaving home Stay my love my love please stay Stray my love what's wrong my love? What's right my love? Ohh leaving home ain't easy I thought how could I think of leaving Leaving on your own Still trying to persuade me that Leaving home ain't necessary Leave the only way Leaving home ain't easy But may be the only way
Tonight I'm gonna have myself a real good time I feel alive And the world'll turn it inside out Yeah! I'm floating around In ecstasy So don't stop me now, don't stop me 'Cause I'm having a good time, having a good time I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity I'm a racing car passing by Like Lady Godiva I'm gonna go go go There's no stopping me I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time Just give me a call Don't stop me now  'Cause I'm having a good time Don't stop me now  Yes I'm having a good time I don't want to stop at all, yeah! I'm a rocket ship on my way to Mars On a collision course I am a satellite I'm out of control I am a sex machine ready to reload Like an atom bomb about to-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh explode I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic woman of you Don't stop me Don't stop me Don't stop me Hey hey hey! Don't stop me Don't stop me Ooh ooh ooh  I like it Don't stop me Don't stop me Have a good time, good time Don't stop me Don't stop me Ooh ooh alright Ooh I'm burning through the sky Yeah! Two hundred degrees That's why they call me Mister Fahrenheit I'm traveling at the speed of light I wanna make a supersonic man out of you Don't stop me now I'm having such a good time I'm having a ball Don't stop me now If you wanna have a good time Alright Just give me a call Don't stop me now 'Cause I'm having a good time Don't stop me now Yes, I'm having a good time I don't wanna stop at all
If you're feeling tired and lonely Uninspired and lonely If you're thinking how the days seem long All you're given Is what you've been given a thousand times before Just more more More of that jazz More no more of that jazz Give me no more No more of that jazz Only football gives us thrills Rock 'n roll just pays the bills Only our team is the real team Bring out the dogs get on your feet Lie on the floor Kinda thinking I've heard that line before Just more more More of that jazz More no more of that jazz Give me no more no more of that jazz Oh no matter fool Get no business hanging around and telling lies Bicycle races are coming your way If you can't beat them join them Fun it Are you gonna let it all hang out? Fat bottomed girls you make the rocking world go round
Open up your mind and let me step inside Rest your weary head and let your heart decide It's so easy When you know the rules It's so easy, All you have to do Is fall in love Play the game, Everybody play the game of love yeah When you're feeling down and your resistance is low Light another cigarette and let yourself go This is your life Don't play hard to get It's a free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game, Everybody play the game of love My game of love has just begun Love runs from my head down to my toes My love is pumping through my veins play the game Driving me insane Come, come, come play the game, play the game, play the game, play the game Everybody play the game of love This is your life Don't play hard to get It's a free, free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game Play the game of love Your life Don't play hard to get It's a free, free world All you have to do is fall in love Play the game Play the game of love
b'"Take me to the room where the red's all red. Take me out of my head"'s what I said. Hey, take me to the room where the green's all green. And from what I've seen it's hot, it's mean. I'm gonna use my stack. It's gotta be Mack. Gonna get me on the track. Got a dragon on my back. Take me to the room where the beat's all round. Gonna eat that sound  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Take me to the room where the black's all white. And the white's all black. Take me back to the shack shack. She don't take no prisoner. She gonna give me the business. Got a dragon on my back. Hey, it's a dragon attack. Get down nice and slow. Alright. She's low down. She don't take no prisoners. Go down. She gonna give me the business. No time. Yeah, chained to the rack! Show time. Got a dragon on my back. Show down. Go find another customer. Slow down. I gotta make my way. On my way. On my way. Alright. Alright.'
Oh! Let's go! Steve walks warily down the street With the brim pulled way down low Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet Machine guns ready to go Are you ready, hey, are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you, too Another one bites the dust How do you think I'm gonna get along Without you when you're gone? You took me for everything that I had And kicked me out on my own Are you happy, are you satisfied? How long can you stand the heat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you, too Another one bites the dust Oh, take it Bite the dust Bite the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust There are plenty of ways that you can hurt a man And bring him to the ground You can beat him, you can cheat him You can treat him bad and leave him when he's down But I'm ready, yes, I'm ready for you I'm standing on my own two feet Out of the doorway the bullets rip Repeating to the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you, too Another one bites the dust Shooter Alright
No I'll never, look back in anger No I'll never, find me an answer You promised me, you'd keep in touch I read your letter and it hurt me so much I said I'd never, never be angry with you I don't wanna feel like a stranger Cos I'd rather stay out of danger I read your letter so many times I got your meaning between the lines I said I'd never, never be angry with you I must be strong so she won't know how much I miss her I only hope as time goes on, I'll forget her My body's aching, can't sleep at night I'm too exhausted to start a fight And if I see her with another guy I'll eat my heart out 'cos I love her love her, love her, love her Come on baby, let's get together I'll love you baby, I'll love you forever I'm trying hard to stay away What made you change, what did I say? Ooh I need your loving tonight ...
This thing called love I just can't handle it This thing called love I must get round to it I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love This thing this thing called love called love It cries like a baby in a cradle all night It swings ooh, ooh, it jives ooh, ooh It shakes all over like a jelly fish, I kinda like it Crazy little thing called love There goes my baby She knows how to rock-n-roll She drives me crazy She gives me hot and cold fever She leaves me in a cool, cool sweat I gotta be cool, relax, get hip Get on my tracks Take a back seat, hitch-hike And take a long ride on my motorbike Until I'm ready Crazy little thing called love I gotta be cool, relax, get hip And get on my tracks Take a back seat, hitch-hike And take a long ride on my motorbike Until I'm ready Ready Freddie Crazy little thing called love This thing called love I just can't handle it This thing called love I must get round to it I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love
When I hear that rock and roll, It gets down to my soul, When it's real rock and roll, oh rock and roll. Oh Oh, Oh Oh, You really think they like to rock in space? Well I don't know What do you know? What do you hear? On the radio I said Mama I ain't crazy I'm alright - alright Hey, c'mon baby said it's alright To rock and roll on a Saturday night I said shoot and get your suit and come along with me I said c'mon baby down come and rock and roll with me, I said yeah. What do you do? To get to feel alive? You go downtown And get some of that prime jive, I said Mama etc. We're gonna rock it............ tonight. We want some prime jive We want some prime jive We're gonna rock it tonight C'mon honey Get some of that prime jive Get some of that, get, get down C'mon honey - we're gonna rock it tonight.
Ok Don't do it Don't you try it baby Don't do that Don't Don't Don't Don't do that You got a good thing going now Don't do it Don't do it Don't Don't try suicide Nobody's worth it Don't try suicide Nobody cares Don't try suicide Just gonna hate it Don't try suicide Nobody gives a damn So you think it's the easy way out Think you're gonna slash your wrists This time Baby when you do it all you do is Get on my tits Don't do that try try try baby Don't do that - you got a good thing going now Don't do it Don't do it - Don't You need help Look at yourself you need help You need life So don't hang yourself It's o.k. o.k. o.k. o.k. You just can't be a prick teaser all of the time A little bit attention - you got it Need some affection - you got it Suicide suicide suicide bid Suicide suicide sucide bid Suicide Don't do it Don't do it Don't do it babe Don't do it Don't do it Don't-do it Don't put your neck on the line Don't drown on me babe Blow your brains out - Don't do that - yeah Nobody gives - nobody gives Nobody gives a damn
Hey little babe you're changing Babe, are you feeling sore? Ain't no use in pretending You don't wanna play no more It's plain that you ain't no baby What would your mother say You're all dressed up like a lady How come you behave this way Sail Away Sweet Sister Sail across the sea Maybe you find somebody Who loves you half as much as me My heart is always with you No matter what you do Sail away sweet sister Always be in love with you Forgive me for what I told you My heart makes a fool of me You know I'll never hold you I know that you gotta be free Sail Away Sweet Sister Sail across the sea Maybe you find somebody Who loves you half as much as me Take it the way you want it But when they let you down my friend Sail away sweet sister Back to my arms again Hot child don't you know, you're young - You've got your whole life ahead of you Oohah - You can throw it away too soon Way too soon
Oooooooooo Oh Oh Oh I get some headaches when I hit the heights Like in the morning after crazy nights Like some month in law in her nylon tights They're always They're always They're always They're always Coming soon, Coming soon, on the outside, of the tracks, You take 'em The same old babies with the same old toys, The neighbours screaming when the noise annoys, Somebody naggin' you when you're out with the boys They're always They're always They're always They're always Coming soon, Coming soon, on the outside, of the track Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Watch me now, They're always They're always They're always They're always Coming soon, Coming soon, on the outside, of the track Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.
It started off so well They said we made a perfect pair I clothed myself in your glory and your love How I loved you, How I cried The years of care and loyalty Were nothing but a sham it seems The years belie we lived a lie I'll love you 'til I die Save me, save me, save me I can't face this life alone Save me, save me, save me I'm naked and I'm far from home The slate will soon be clean I'll erase the memories, To start again with somebody new Was it all wasted? All that love? I hang my head and I advertise A soul for sale or rent I have no heart, I'm cold inside I have no real intent Save me, save me, save me I can't face this life alone Save me, save me, oh I'm naked and I'm far from home Each night I cry, I still believe the lie I'll love you 'til I die Save, save, save me Save, save, save me Don't let me face my life alone Save, save, save me I'm naked and I'm far from home
Let me show it to you yeah See what I got, I got a hell of a lot Tell me what you feel Is it real is it real? You know I got what it takes And I can take a lot Did you hear the last call baby? You and me got staying power yeah! You and me we got staying power Staying power I got it I got it I wonder when we're gonna make it I wonder when we're gonna shake it Rock me baby rock me C'mon you can shock me Let's catch on to the groove Make it move make it move You know how to shake that thing We'll work it work it work it You and I can play ball baby You and me got staying power yeah You and me we got staying power I wonder when we're gonna make it I wonder when we're gonna shake it Fire down below I'm just a regular dynamo Want some smooth company Don't lose control just hang on out with me Got to get to know each other But we got plenty of time Did you hear the last call baby? You and me got staying power yeah You and me we got staying power Power power power... I wonder when we're gonna stick it I wonder when we're gonna trick it Blow baby blow let's get down and go go Get yourself in the mood Got to give a little bit of attitude Baby don't you crash Let just trash trash trash Did you hear the last call baby? You and me got staying power yeah You and me we got staying power I like it Staying power Yeah yeah Gotcha
I'm not invited to the party Been sitting here all night I'm all alone at the party I don't feel all right Ain't got no black coat Ain't got no tie I gotta shape up now Come on baby you gotta know why Take off! Dancer dancer I can't live with it I'm gonna die without it Dancer dancer Ain't no doubt about it Dancer dancer Why don't you kick off your dancing shoes And come and ride with me? Cool You're the life and soul of the funk-tion It took me all night To get hold of the right introduction Blew me out of sight I taste your lipstick I look in your eyes You feel fantastic My body cries Take off Dancer dancer I can't live with it I'm gonna die without it Dancer dancer Ain't no doubt about it Dancer dancer Why don't you kick off your dancing shoes And come and ride with me? Hot space let's go! Yeah, can I see you baby? Dancer dancer I can't believe you're dancing Dancer dancer Can't take you home I can't take you dancing Dancer dancer Bring out the funk and dance the night away Dancer dancer We got bully Dancer dancer Dancer dancer Dancer dancer Dance dance dance dance Dancer dancer
Yeah Get back, get back Back chat, back chat You burn all my energy Back chat, back chat Criticizing all you see Back chat, back chat Analysing what I say Back chat, back chat And you always get your way Oh yeah! See what you've done to me Back chat, back chat It's driving me insane Survival to the end Knock you down, you come again Talk back, talk back You've got me on the wrack Twisting ev'ry word I say Wind me up and get your way Fat chance I have of making a romance If I'm ever goin' to win Have to get the last word in Take it from there Twisting ev'ry word I say, Huh! Wind me up and let me play Back chat, back chat You burn all my energy Back chat, back chat Criticizing all you see Back chat, back chat Analysing what I say Back chat, back chat And you always get your way Come on now Wake up, stand up And drag yourself on out Get down, get ready Scream and shout Back off me, be cool And learn to change your ways 'Cause you're talking in your sleep And you're walking in a daze Don't push your luck I'm ready to attack 'Cause when I'm trying to talk to you All you do is just talk back You stand so tall you don't frighten me at all Don't talk back, don't talk back Don't talk back just leave me alone Back chat, back chat You burn all my energy Back chat, back chat Criticizing all you see Back chat, back chat Analysing what I say Back chat, back chat And you always get your way Yes you do Yes you do baby Come on back chat, back chat Back chat, back chat Back chat, back chat Go for it, go for it, go for it baby Back chat, back chat You're giving me the runaround Criticizing oh yeah, analysing oh yeah Yeah merci beaucoup Get on down...
Give me your body Give me your body body Give me your body Don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk Baby don't talk Body language Body language Body language Give me your body Just give me, yeah, your body Give me, yeah, your body Don't talk Body language huh huh Body language Body language You got red lips snakes in your eyes Long legs great thighs You got the cutest ass I've ever seen Knock me down for a six any time Look at me I gotta case of body language Look at me I gotta case of body language Look at me I gotta case of body language Look at me I gotta case of body language Of body language Of body language Yeah sexy body sexy sexy body I want your body Baby you're hot Body language...
This street honey is a mean street Living in this street honey needs a mean streak We've got criminals living in this street But there's a heart beat pulse That keeps on pumping Like a juke box playing the same dead record Or a radio in the corner keeps blaring I got a feeling this world is using me This town honey is a dead town Living in this town honey is a let down Coming to this town honey is a show down But there's a heart beat pulse That keeps on pumping some sunshine ray Through a crack in the shutter Or a sight of a light at the end of a tunnel Still there's a feeling this world is using me Action this day action this night Oh we've gotta learn to love to live You can't say it ain't right Action this day action this night Oh you've got the power you've got the power You've got the power to love to live You can't say it ain't right Your mind honey is a bleak place Living in your minds living in a blank space Your mind is coming from a rat race But there's a heart beat pulse That keeps on pumping Like a juke box playing the same dead record Or a radio in the corner keeps blaring I got a feeling that just won't quit This world is using me Action this day action this night Oh we've gotta learn to love to live We can't say it ain't right Action this day action this night Oh you've got the power you've got the power You've got the power to love to live You can't say it ain't right Action action this day Action this day Action action this day Action this day Living in the street... Action...
They called him a hero In the land of the free But he wouldn't shake my hand boy He disappointed me So I got my hand gun And I blew him away That critter was a bad guy And I had to make him pay You might fear for my reason I don't care what they say Look out baby it's the season For the mad masquerade Put out the fire put out the fire put out the fire Oh you need a bullet like a hole in the head Put out the fire put out the fire put out the fire Don't believe what your grand-daddy said She was my lover It was a shame that she died But the constitution's right on my side 'Cause I caught my lover in the neighbours bed I got retribution Filled 'em all full of lead I've been told it's the fashion To let me on the streets again It's nothing but a crime of passion And I'm not to blame Put out the fire put out the fire put out the fire You need a weapon like a hole in the head Put out the fire put out the fire baby put out the fire And let your sons and daughters sleep sound in their beds You know a gun never killed nobody You can ask anyone People get shot by people People with guns Put out the fire put out the fire put out the fire You need a gun like a hole in the head Put out the fire put out the fire put out the fire Just tell me that old fashioned gun law is dead Shoot shoot...
Guilt stains on my pillow Blood on my terraces Torsos in my closet Shadows from my past Life is real life is real Life is real so real Sleeping is my leisure Waking up in a minefield Dream in just a pleasure dome Love is a roulette wheel Life is real life is real Life is real oh yeah Success is my breathing space I brought it on myself I will price it I will cash it I can take it or leave it Loneliness is my hiding place Breast feeding myself What more can I say? I have swallowed the bitter pill I can taste it I can taste it Life is real life is real Life is real Music will be my mistress Loving like a whore Lennon is a genius Living in ev'ry pore Life is real life is real Life is real so real Life is cruel life is a bitch Life is real so real Life is real life is real yeah Life is real
Calling all boys calling all girls Calling all people on streets Around the world Take this message a message for you This message is old yeah This message is true this message is This message is this message is this message is Love take a message of love Far and near Take a message of love for all to hear For all to hear Some sleepless nights in wait for you Some foreign presence you feel Comes creeping through Some stream of hope The whole world through Spread like some silent disease You'll get yours too This message is this message is This message is this message is Love take a message of love Far and near Take a message of love for all to hear For all to hear Love take a message of love Far and near Take a message of love for all to hear For all to hear Calling all boys calling all girls Calling all boys calling all girls Calling all girls
Don't touch me now Don't hold me now Don't break the spell Darling Now you are near Look in my eyes and speak to me The special promises I want to hear Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Love me slow and gently One foolish world, so many souls Senselessly hurled through The never ending cold And all for fear and all for greed Speak any tongue But for God's sake we need Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Let me know, this night and evermore This room is bare This night is cold We're far apart and I'm growing old But while we live We'll meet again So then my love We may whisper once more It's you I adore Las palabras de amor Let me hear the words of love Despacito mi amor Touch me now Las palabras de amor Let us share the words of love For evermore For evermore For evermore
Ooh yeah yeah yeah yeah! You're taking all the sunshine away Making out like you're the main line I knew that 'Cause you're a cool cat Tapping on the toe with a new hat Ooh just cruising Driving along like the swing king Feeling the beat of my heart huh! Feeling the beat of my heart Ooh you're a cool cat Coming on strong with all the chit chat Ooh you're alright Hanging out and stealing all the limelight Ooh messing with the beat of my heart yeah! Ooh you used to be a mean kid Ooh making such a deal of life Ooh you were wishing and hoping and waiting To really hit the big time But did it happen? happen no! You're speeding to fast slow down Slow down you'd better slow down slow down You really know how to set the mood And you really get inside the groove Cool cat tapping on the toe with a new hat Ooh just cruising Driving along like the swing king Feeling the beat of my heart Feeling the beat of my heart yeah! Feeling the beat of my heart Can you feel it? Feeling the beat of my heart Feeling the beat of my heart Ooh feeling feeling feeling Feeling ev'ry feeling
b'Pressure pushing down on me, Pressing down on you, no man ask for. Under pressure that burns a building down, Splits a family in two, Puts people on streets. That's OK. That's the terror of knowing What this world is about. Watching some good friends screaming, "Let me out!" Tomorrow gets me higher. Pressure on people, people on streets. OK. Chippin' around, kick my brains 'round the floor. These are the days it never rains but it pours. People on streets. People on streets. It's the terror of knowing What this world is about. Watching some good friends screaming, "Let me out!" Tomorrow gets me higher, higher, high! Pressure on people, people on streets. Turned away from it all like a blind man. Sat on a fence, but it don't work. Keep coming up with love, but it's so slashed and torn. Why, why, why!? Love, love, love, love, love. Insanity laughs under pressure. We're breaking. Can't we give ourselves one more chance? Why can't we give love that one more chance? Why can't we give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love, give love? 'Cause love's such an old-fashioned word, And love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night, And love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves. This is our last dance. This is our last dance. This is ourselves. Under pressure. Under pressure. Pressure.'
b'Radio Radio I'd sit alone and watch your light My only friend through teenage nights And everything I had to know I heard it on my radio You gave them all those old-time stars Through wars of worlds invaded by Mars You made 'em laugh, you made 'em cry You made us feel like we could fly Radio So, don't become some background noise A backdrop for the girls and boys Who just don't know or just don't care And just complain when you're not there You had your time, you had the power You've yet to have your finest hour Radio, radio All we hear is "Radio ga ga Radio goo goo Radio ga ga" All we hear is "Radio ga ga "Radio blah blah" Radio, what's new? Radio, someone still loves you We watch the shows, we watch the stars On videos for hours and hours We hardly need to use our ears How music changes through the years Let's hope you never leave, old friend Like all good things on you we depend So, stick around 'cause we might miss you When we grow tired of all this visual You had your time, you had the power You've yet to have your finest hour Radio, radio All we hear is "Radio ga ga Radio goo goo Radio ga ga" All we hear is "Radio ga ga Radio goo goo Radio ga ga" All we hear is "Radio ga ga Radio blah blah" Radio, what's new? Someone still loves you Radio ga ga Radio ga ga Radio ga ga You had your time, you had the power You've yet to have your finest hour Radio, radio'
Are you ready? - well are you ready? Give me your mind baby give me your body Give me some time baby let's have a party It ain't no time for sleepin' baby Soon it's round your street I'm creeping We gonna Tear it up Stir it up Break it up - Baby - You gotta Tear it up Shake it up Make it up - as you go along. Tear it up Square it up Wake it up - Baby. Tear it up Stir it up Stake it out - and you can't go wrong. Hey I love you cos you're sweet and I love you cos you're naughty I love you for you mind but give me your body I wanna be a toy at your birthday party Wind me up - wind me up - wind me up - let me go - Tear it up Stir it up Break it up - let me go. Tear it up Shake it up Make it up - as you go along. Tear it up Turn it up Burn it up. Baby baby baby are you ready for me? Oh yeah Baby baby baby are you ready for love? Oh yeah Are you ready - are you ready - are you ready for me? Oh yeah I love you so near, I love you so far I gotta tell you baby you're driving me Ga Ga.
I don't want my freedom There's no reason for living with a broken heart. This is a tricky situation - I've only got myself to blame It's just a simple fact of life It can happen to anyone - You win - you lose It's a chance you have to take with love Oh yeah - I fell in love But now you say it's over and I'm falling apart. It's a hard life To be true lovers together To love and live forever in each others hearts - It's a long hard fight To learn to care for each other To trust in one another right from the start When you're in love - I try and mend the broken pieces I try to fight back the tears They say it's just a state of mind But it happens to everyone - How it hurts - deep inside When your love has cut you down to size Life is tough - on your own Now I'm waiting for something to fall from the skies Waiting for love. Yes it's a hard life Two lovers together To love and live forever in each others hearts It's a long hard fight To learn to care for each other To trust in one another - right from the start When you're in love - Yes it's a hard life In a world that's filled with sorrow There are people searching for love in every way - It's a long hard fight - But I'll always live for tomorrow I'll look back on myself and say I did it for love Yes I did it for love - for love - oh I did it for love.
I'm gonna take a little walk on the wild side I'm gonna loosen up and get me some gas I'm gonna get me some action Go crazy, driving in the fast lane My baby left me alone She done me dirty and I'm feeling so lonely So come home, come home If you don't you're gonna break my heart. Man on the prowl You better watch out I'm on the loose and I'm looking for trouble So look out - look out I'm a man on the prowl. I don't wanna be a rock 'n' roll steady I just wanna be low down trash I wanna go to the movies All I wanna do is sit on my ass So honey come home Don't leave me when I'm feeling so lonely Come home - come home If you don't you're gonna break my heart. Man on the prowl You better watch out I'm on the loose and I'm looking for trouble So look out - look out I'm a man on the prowl. Well I keep dreaming about my baby But it ain't gonna get me nowhere I wanna teach my baby dancin' But I ain't no Fred Astaire. So baby look out - I'm a man on the prowl Look out - man on the prowl - yeah Baby, baby, baby look out - man on the prowl. Baby come home I'm on the loose and I'm looking for trouble Baby come home - oh yeah Cause I'm a man on the prowl So honey come home - come home Cause I'm a man on the prowl - yeah Man on the prowl.
Machines. It's a machine's world. Don't tell me I ain't got no soul. When the machines take over, It ain't no place for rock'n'roll. They tell me I don't care, But deep inside I'm just a man. They freeze me, they burn me, They squeeze me, they stress me. With smoke-blackened pistons of steel they compress me, But no one, but no one, but no one can wrest me away. Back to humans. We have no disease, no troubles of mind. We are fighting for peace, no regard for the time. We never cry, we never retreat. We have no conception of love or defeat. What's that machine noise? It's bytes and mega chips for tea. It's that machine, boys With random-access memory. Never worry, never mind. Not for money, not for gold. Its software, its hardware, Its heartbeat, its time-share, Its midwife's a disk drive, Its sex life is quantised. Its self-perpetuating a parahumanoidarianised. Back to humans. Back to humans. Back to machines. Machines. Machines. Machines. Machines. Living in a new world. Thinking in the past. Humans. Living in a new world. How you gonna last? Humans. Machine world. It's a machine's world. Living in a new world. Thinking in the past. Back to humans. Living in a new world. How you gonna last? Machine world. Machine world. Machine world. Change. Machine world. Yeah, I'm coming. Back to humans. Back to humans. Back to humans. Living in a new world. How you gonna last? Machine world. It's a machine's world.
I want to break free I want to break free I want to break free from your lies You're so self satisfied I don't need you I've got to break free God knows, God knows I want to break free. I've fallen in love I've fallen in love for the first time And this time I know it's for real I've fallen in love, yeah God knows, God knows I've fallen in love. It's strange but it's true I can't get over the way you love me like you do But I have to be sure When I walk out that door Oh how I want to be free, baby Oh how I want to be free, Oh how I want to break free. But life still goes on I can't get used to, living without, living without, Living without you by my side I don't want to live alone, hey God knows, got to make it on my own So baby can't you see I've got to break free. I've got to break free I want to break free, yeah I want, I want, I want, I want to break free.
This is the only life for me Surround myself around my own fantasy You just gotta be strong and believe in yourself Forget all the sadness cause love is all you need. Do you know what it's like to be alone in this world When you're down and out on your luck and you're a failure Wake up screaming in the middle of the night You think it's all been a waste of time It's been a bad year You start believing everything's gonna be alright Next minute you're down and you're flat on your back A brand new day is beginning Get that sunny feeling and you're on your way. Just believe - just keep passing the open windows Just believe - just keep passing the open windows Do you know how it feels when you don't have a friend Without a job and no money to spend You're a stranger All you think about is suicide One of these days you're gonna lose the fight You better keep out of danger - yeah That same old feeling just keeps burning deep inside You keep telling yourself it's gonna be the end Oh get yourself together Things are looking better everyday Just believe - just keep passing the open windows Just believe - just keep passing the open windows. This is the only life for me Surround myself around my own fantasy You just gotta be strong and believe in yourself Forget all the sadness cause love is all you need. You just gotta be strong and believe in yourself Forget all the sadness cause love is all you need. Love is all you need - baby - love is all you need. Just believe - just keep passing the open windows.
Here we stand or here we fall History won't care at all Make the bed, light the light Lady Mercy won't be home tonight You don't waste no time at all Don't hear the bell but you answer the call It comes to you as to us all We're just waiting for the hammer to fall Oh, every night and every day A little piece of you is falling away But lift your face the Western Way Build your muscles as your body decays Tow the line and play their game Let the anaesthetic cover it all 'Til one day they call your name You know it's time for the hammer to fall Rich or poor or famous for Your truth it's all the same Oh, no! Oh, no! Lock your door but rain is pouring Through your window pane Oh, no! Baby, now your struggle's all in vain For he who grew up tall and proud In the shadow of the Mushroom Cloud Convinced our voices can't be heard We just wanna scream it louder and louder and louder What the hell are we fighting for? Just surrender and it won't hurt at all You just got time to say your prayers While you're waiting for the hammer to hammer to fall Hey! Yes It's going to fall! Yeah! Hammer! You know Yeah! Hammer to fall! Hammer! Yeah! Waiting for the hammer to fall, baby! While you're waiting for the hammer to fall Give it to me one more time!
Just look at all those hungry mouths we have to feed Take a look at all the suffering we breed So many lonely faces scattered all around Searching for what they need. Is this the world we created? What did we do it for? Is this the world we invaded Against the law? So it seems in the end. Is this what we're all living for today? The world that we created. You know that everyday a helpless child is born Who needs some loving care inside a happy home Somewhere a wealthy man is sitting on his throne Waiting for life to go by. Is this the world we created? We made it on our own. Is this the world we devastated Right to the bone? If there's a God in the sky looking down, What can he think of what we've done To the world that He created?
I took my baby to see a heavy band But I never saw my baby 'till the encore She had the singer by the hand I didn't wanna cry 'cause I had to be cool I didn't wanna tell you that you're too cruel Did you have to run off with that dog-gone fool? All I gotta do is think about you Ev'ry night and day I go crazy All I gotta do is get my hands on you You better stay away from me baby I wouldn't mind the postman if the neighbours didn't know Or the gas man the electric man - man to fix the car I'd have to let it go But you had to bring me down for a rock 'n roll clone Leave me like a sucker standing all alone Did you have to run off with that rolling stone? All I gotta do is think about you Ev'ry night and day I go crazy All I gotta do is get my hands on you You better stay away from me baby So I ain't gonna go and see the Rolling Stones no more no more I don't wanna go see Queen no more no more Now I don't wanna hurt you like you been a-hurting me But you know that I'll be watching Rolling on the floor next time you're on TV Had enough of your pretending that you know where it's at Coming on to all the boys like a real spoilt brat To think that I nearly let you get away with all that No way man All I gotta do is think about you Ev'ry night and day I go crazy All I gotta do is get my hands on you
One man, one goal, One mission. One heart, one soul, Just one solution. One flash of light. One god, one vision. One flesh, one bone, One true religion. One voice, one hope, One real decision. Gimme one vision. No wrong, no right. I'm gonna tell you there's no black and no white. No blood, no stain. All we need is one world-wide vision. One flesh, one bone, One true religion. One race, one hope, One real decision. I had a dream when I was young, A dream of sweet illusion A glimpse of hope and unity, And visions of one sweet union. But a cold wind blows, And a dark rain falls, And in my heart it shows. Look what they've done to my dream. One vision! So give me your hands, Give me your hearts. I'm ready. There's only one direction. One world, one nation, One vision. No hate, no fight, Just excitation. All through the night It's a celebration. One. One vision. One flesh, one bone, One true religion. One voice, one hope, One real decision. Gimme one night. Gimme one hope. Just gimme. One man, one man, One bar, one night, One day. Just gimme gimme, gimme, gimme. Fried chicken. Vision.
It's a kind of magic. It's a kind of magic. A kind of magic. One dream, one soul, One prize, one goal. One golden glance of what should be. It's a kind of magic. One shaft of light that shows the way. No mortal man can win this day. It's a kind of magic. The bell that rings inside your mind Is challenging the doors of time. It's a kind of magic. The waiting seems eternity. The day will dawn of sanity. Is this a kind of magic? It's a kind of magic. There can be only one. This rage that lasts a thousand years Will soon be done. This flame that burns inside of me. I'm hearing secret harmonies. It's a kind of magic. The bell that rings inside your mind Is challenging the doors of time. It's a kind of magic. It's a kind of magic. This rage that lasts a thousand years Will soon be Will soon be Will soon be done. This is this is a kind a kind of magic. There can be only one. This rage that lasts a thousand years Will soon be done. Done. Magic. It's a kind of magic. It's a kind of magic, magic, magic, magic, magic. It's magic. It's a kind of magic.
